# Kickoff Meeting Minutes

## Design Brief

Réne and Mela were giving us the design brief and task for the course. Detailed description can be found on the [Admin Page](/documentation/admin.md#design-brief).

## Roles

We defined the project roles based on peoples interest for area of growth and interest, instead of building on established skills. 
Based on prior knowledge and expertise, each team consists of a Lead, (Co-worker), and a Mentor. The mentor will be helping
the team members with architecture, design, tooling or debugging questions.

| Role      	| Lead     	| Co-worker 	| Mentor         	|
|---------------|:---------:|:-------------:|:-----------------:|
| Development 	| Akshay   	| Aiden    	    | Roni           	|
| Art         	| Alain    	| Andi     	    | Akshay / Aiden 	|
| Sound       	| Roni     	| -        	    | Andi           	|
| Producer    	| Madlaina 	|          	    | Everyone       	|

Detailed role descriptions are documented on the [Admin Page](/documentation/admin.md#project-roles).


## Decisions
- Game Graphics - Pixel Art and not in 3D
- Development plattform - Unity3D
- Work Method – Agile / Scrum, 2 Weeks Sprint with Sprint Review, Sprint Planning and Daily Standups
- Issue & Sprint tracking - Github Repository
- Virtual Offices on Discord (hop-in, hop-out)
- Take regular breaks
- Only work in the designated time-frame

## Tasks
- Everyone should familiarize by playing the emulated game
- Teams will analyze different aspects of the game from their fields
- The first sprint starts on the 17th of march, where we will create a backlog and do a sprint planning
- Setup Github accounts, Unity and other work tools
- Git crash course is recommended, see references below. Madlaina & roni could also do introductions to git


## Open Questions
**Pixel Perfect or Unity 2D Physics**
Creating pixel perfect games with the Unity Engine 2D Editor can have several implications. Specifically it is required to
setup your Unity Game for Retro 8bit games specifically (as described in a guide [here](https://blogs.unity3d.com/2019/03/13/2d-pixel-perfect-how-to-set-up-your-unity-project-for-retro-8-bits-games/)).
This decision will impact the future potential adaptations that can be done in the game


**Considerations adaptations**
We discussed what aspects should be considered early in the development, to facilitate adaptations of the game mechanics and design.
- Each team should identify these aspects while developing an understanding for the existing game
- Keeping components modular and concerns separated


**Workshops**
- The idea was brought up, that there could be small expert workshops for introductions into the topics. This should 
be organically organised / executed, also based on peoples interests.



## References
- Game Mechanics Schema [Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_lRDrrSc=/)
- Toobin Game Asset [Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BJtfKnPC4_5hoJvtQOA1T5PgcYd3Hbiu5uNMu4b-Ub8/edit)
- Github Repositories on the MA-GD21 [Group](https://github.com/MA-GD21); contact Madlaina for invites
- Git Crash Course on [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/course/git-and-github-crash-course-creating-a-repository-from-scratch/)
